All right.
Now let's ask them out of my time.
Now, as I referred to the 15-page document,
and the two-in-a-half or two-in-a-third-page document,
you will know what I am talking about.
Will you know?
Yes, I'm not.
Now, in this constitutional problem that we are discussing,
I want to ask you to further clarify your views.
I'm not far from them.
I'm simply trying to point this issue up so that all involved here
and others who are interested will understand just what is involved in it.
Now, the 15-page document, I believe we can assume from the proof
and the case and from the reports that have been testified
through from here to whoever, is a top classified confidential document
that the FBI will not release.
If it was more confidential, yes, I understand that that means
it is not the big given out, don't you?
Yes, that is classified.
I understand that's the mean it's not the big given to an unauthorized lawyer.
All right.
Let us say now you have testified here that under the law
creating this familiar is the duty of this familiar and the use of the duty
of the new, the members of this familiar and the fact.
To undertake to investigate and see whether the laws are being carried out
with respect to this confidential information, is that correct?
Yes, sir, we haven't really investigated it like all of them.
Now, it is an act.
Let us assume and it may be true, it may not be a violation of this.
Does that 15-page document that is down there, or which excerpt
or now in the possession of the chairman of the committee,
as a submitted document as I am the sir used?
And yet, the members of this committee refuse to read it.
Now let me ask you, if your position is to law,
and we have that duty under the law, why can we not support them?
The other document, the 15-page document now in the files of the FBI
and has been a bit of all of the information
so that this committee can perform its duty.
I believe we could have seen it, sir, but I think that probably
if the chairman order is still interpreted as being an effect,
there would be a refusal to give it on the ground
and contain loyalty and security information,
which under the 1948 order cannot be given to congressional.
So let us talk about that.
I was in our document a little, can they give it under that?
No, I don't know, but there has been a decisive pattern of justice.
Why not is your position that we are entitled to get it by the 15-page?
Why not?
My position is that we are entitled to ask for it.
We will then move on from there.
Well, I know, next move is the 15-page, but don't get it back in order.
Yes, sir.
All right, absolutely. If we should be in it, are we entitled to it?
Well, at that point, Senator MacRollett, I would anticipate,
we would have to see what position would be taken by the recipient of the 15-page.
We would have to counsel on that.
That's a good need to take the position.
Mr. Hoover takes the position that you cannot have this document.
I'm not at all.
I don't think that's a good decision, sir.
Mr. Hoover, what was it?
Today is the president's position.
It would be some bothers. Let's take it to the top of the government.
Mr. Hoover takes the position that he's certainly being released.
Mr. Hoover has had an investigative agency,
and I don't believe he makes policy on those things.
So he works for the attorney.
You want to say this, Senator General?
I would say Senator, yes, probably would be.
I don't think that's an agenda now, sir.
Well, we have turned in general to take the position.
We've seen in this document, the 15-page document,
with a supply of what's missing in the 2nd and 3rd page document.
And that will, by reason, and getting that document by the team,
that they're submitting with the information and have information
that would enable it more thoroughly and that's the gate, the matters and all.
Now, under those circumstances,
do you take the position that we can prevail
or should be able to prevail,
or should we have the department to release that document to this committee?
I think I gave you an incorrect answer to one thing.
I don't think the attorney general would come in at the first point.
I think the idea is not a lot for us.
Let's get down to it.
We get through it in the open window.
Yeah, ultimately you would get through it.
All right, we get through it.
Now we're all, when we get there, can we come tell him?
Who should submit that document?
The Miss Committee can tell him by contempt for cheating.
Otherwise, who should submit that document?
That was a sign on the circumstance.
Well, the circumstance will be reviewed.
Yes, sir.
Can we compare this?
By contempt for cheating.
Who should submit that document?
You can tend that.
The committee has that authority.
The committee can certainly make a test.
Sure, make a test.
But you can tend that test would be successful.
Or that it should be successful.
Is that your opinion?
I don't know whether it would be or would not.
That's the understanding.
No, no, maybe neither do I.
Maybe the government doesn't know.
I think that's the situation.
I think that's where we are on this.
Now, do you think that's the attempt should be successful?
Sir, and once again, Senator, I'm very hesitant about getting a policy.
Well, but this is...
Is it going to be the policy of this committee to get it?
If all are not to get it.
Why are we?
I would say we're here, sir.
My hope is that some arrangements could be worked out
whereby the executive could make available to the...
So this committee and other committees are the legislature.
That isn't the point.
Maybe it's something can be worked out.
And maybe this issue will be resolved.
That's what I'm going to make it now.
Do we have the legal rights to speak to them and get that document?
Yes, there's a committee having it.
That's a reasonable question, sir.
I know, and you're very good lawyer.
What is your position?
I'm not that good.
That we do get it?
Or that we don't under the law as it is now?
I would have to say that on that, Senator.
That's two things.
Number one, it would depend on the circumstances of the committee.
Here are the circumstances of the circumstances.
The committee decided it needed that document to carry out its functions
and perform its duties just as soon as the circumstances
present a case like that.
I thought I'm trying to do nothing more.
I'm trying to place you almost part of the way.
I'm trying to get this issue clarified.
So we can know whether we're operating legally.
Whether this committee is going as far as it can go.
I'm not existing more.
Or if it is not.
Yes, sir.
I would say that's on the question of law.
The time of the bill is the presidential elected.
The question then comes up as a matter of law of whether the executive has the power.
What I'm trying to tell you is that it's going to be a simple decision.
It's a very vital issue on the certain circumstances that I see.
Or the FBI file to be shaken, to be confidential,
to young, to reach out and investigating the minute.
Or the investigation of the right of the subpoena in the power to compare that to the production.
Now, that is the issue.
I think it must be resolved.
I'm sorry.
I'm not helpful on this.
There are legal questions.
I'm afraid I'm not good enough to resolve or even give you a...
The next one will be a sound decision.
I can give you what our general experience has been.
What I think it has to be said.
I don't see a reason why there should be a conflict.
I think that each vote needs to be registered to have their functions to carry out.
I know they both want to accomplish the same thing.
But you do know that.
So I hope that the conflict is going to be there.
Some people will try to make it.
So if there is a chance to get to recess until two o'clock.
I'd like to see if you can get to the second session.
What is the drawing for the second session?
Oh, it might be for what I've hear.
You have just heard Chairman Montenawts that the next session of the hearing will be at 2 p.m.
No, Senator Montenawts will be at 2 p.m.
Senator Montenawts will be at 2 p.m.
The chairman will begin this session in the usual way by welcoming the guests who have come to join us in the committee room.
I'm happy to take care of you to the extent of the rather limited capacity of the committee room.
I must follow your attention to extending rule of the committee room for this, any other than manifestations of approval or disapproval of any kind from the members of the audience.
And to retire you, that's the uniformed officers of the Capitol Police who are in the room before you.
And the playing clothes and scattered throughout the audience have standing instructions from the committee to escort immediately from the room for likely but firmly any of our guests who select to violate the terms under which you enter the room.
Namely to refrain completely from any manifestations of approval or disapproval.
So I'm sure that we can count on the continued through operations of our audience in that connection.
We shall be like to announce for the benefit of his power that he is requesting Senator McClellan and Mr. Alderson of the Refugee of the Civil Service.
In my office, immediately after the conclusion of each hearing for the purposes of making available from my custody and the state, Mr. Alderson, all of the Senate's petty notes of all of the executive testimony that has been taken.
The coincidence was the decision of the subject that he took a type of in-suffee as though the executive came in the office of the council as the defendant, where it will be available to all of the members of the subject.
Also, the minority council, Mr. Kennedy.
And since the chair does not want to do anything in the practice of the moon, I want to be sure that Senator McClellan is there when we empty out the congenstment of the cabinet in my office.
The chair would like to also announce for his calling that he is asking all principals, Mr. Welch, and I want you to hear this.
Mr. Carpick, Mr. Cohn, he is asking all principals in this country, and all members of the subject, that apply to Mr. Jenkins in writing by very few.
A list of the witnesses in your mind, you believe, should be called before the hearing is a terminus.
After that is done, and the chair will suggest we have an executive meeting of the committee to see whether at that time, when there has been ample opportunity to read the testimony, we can agree upon a stipulated list of witnesses.
The floor either of you are council, the names of the witnesses will be called to now be called as expected by the list of the committees, the chair, or you said to Senator, yes, you are a man.
No, not tonight. He is going to continue until he gets the list of the assembly committee's housing and principals.
To call the witnesses as they are proposed to him by Mr. Jenkins, and we have followed the list.
We know not to enough publicly in his death, either the identity of the witnesses to be called next.
No, there is no.
There is no firm list prepared at the time.
Then I address the testimony of the council, he can now announce who he and Jen is before the hearing is closed.
So we may know, there is no use to duplicate. We know who you are and learn to call before the show is being heard, and we can consider what other witnesses might be.
So we might regard as Mr. Sarge.
Mr. Chairman, you need to address the matter of my particular incident of the McClellan, I want to say this.
This far I have called the kitchen every witness. I have been requested to call by Mr. Wells for the Army.
We are now putting on the side of Senator McCarthy, one of the principals of Senator McCarthy's side of this front of her case, and on a witness standing number of days.
I have been requested to call additional witnesses as stated by the chairman.
It has not been my policy to announce who they are. If it was the status secretary of Senator McClellan, I would be happy to inform him and all of those members of the committee's secretary.
Now, I was in a few minutes. As a means of the witnesses, we expect to call before the hearing is completed.
Chair, thank you very much.
I think that we have reached and published in this time.
But the chairman at the moment, I would say, it is back to the main, that if we had some discussion about the committee, no, we think we know are going to be called.
I would not want to admit those.
If I submit a list, I would let go of it. If I can know who is going to be called now, I would let the magazine Chair of the Facial.
I'm sorry, I could improve.
So let's look at people who are close to the Senate. Let's just pass that through.
We have the knowledge also before.
Simply in an effort to try and close the minds of all the bodies of the President, the President, the President, the President, the Committee of the Committee of the House.
Looking towards the hope that we can then meet and agree upon a stipulated with the witnesses, I think we need to find out perhaps we can agree upon some targets they could include here.
Mr. Chairman, Senator McKayton, on the monthly basis of the Elevator, I had just, what's the meaning to be used to include?
Senator signings him to testify and give it every new order.
For the use of the hold of the image, you're secretary, say, then, we solve, let's get a clear of some of these circles and let's explain that he was finally reduced.
Even not coming from the committee.
I've gone over that to detail some stuff that the Chairman was constitutional lawyers.
The general agreement is that, as you as the constitutional provision, I can't afford a first-rate, but an effective effect to the Center can only be made to master for his act upon the front of the floor.
I don't really use that. We can force under-timing them to testify.
I know the Center signings are not called for my advice, you might have walked, but if the calls are left on explain, if it appears to be average listener, I know those 30,000 people who write to me every day, the Center signings him was trying to induce this fight.
I mean, not of them. I say he hasn't asked my advice, but I would strongly advise him if he did ask for that advice to secretary, and testify.
I think that would be very important, such as many of the clear of a question that has a day in the minds of a last number of people.
I'm just having my advice to a point of personal service. You may have any chance that it suggests that after that, the guarantee can be eradicated because the last thing you have in mind is to specificate any number of the callers, so if you've wanted to solicit some of your associates, so if the witness you want to have thought, you're recognized as kind of a financial service.
I said before, I have no objection of any time to say anything under oath, but I say none of those because I tell the truth.
And I'd be very glad to go on the hold, even though it's a rather extraordinary situation, to be a judge of the case of a judge, and then suddenly to have one of the defendants indicate the man of the judge, come to the stand, take an oath and testify.
I have said, however, if I would be glad to discuss this, we'll tell the McCarthy on the floor of the United States Senate.
Since that time, I have checked with the leaders of the Senate. My side of the aisle, it could take you a brief in my condition.
I've said even further than that, that the McCarthy would like to agree through the arrangement between him and me because I have nothing to hide, I'm sure he doesn't need my advice.
I will make a call from the floor of the Senate, and then come before this committee, and testify on the oath that he will make a call from the floor of the Senate, and then come before this committee, and testify on the oath that the charges of the May against him in 1915, which will unanimously be signed by Democrats and the Republican Army Committee.
I'm sorry, I didn't know that.
I was kind of in a new position.
But, Cal and I made my statement that if I'd gone high time, I'd be glad to hear.
I would like to ask something, because I think you've read a very attractive talker there.
I wonder if the necessary for me to make a speech from the floor of the Senate.
I don't think any of the stuff that could last, and the press is not enough.
We've justified the Florida committee. You have not said that you will no under oath.
If I am willing to under oath answer the old Benvin charges of 1932.
While I think those are not from the Bureau of this case, I would consent to let you anyone question me and detail on those Benvin charges.
If I'm so doing, we can get you under oath.
You mentioned the speech from the floor of the Senate.
I just wonder, some of the President's now here are offered to make it that the vote comes before the committee.
If you require that I make a speech, of course I can go over and make a five-minute speech from the floor if I get to the testify.
We've also come before this committee's agenda.
I'm not talking about the Benvin charges. I'm talking about the charges that were made in the report that was signed by all members on the Democratic side and a member on the Republican side had to do with the last five months.
Didn't have anything to do with any charges that were made by Mr. Benvin as far as the report was concerned.
Now, you have picked your place where you would like to take a judge off of a committee and have it come down and testify where you could have interrogated.
He was known you were on an offensive here and not I.
And I say, you know what I'm going to be on a scatter of an hour about it.
You have your committee here.
We'll go on the floor of the Senate and arrange it to hear you.
The committee to hear me would have to be willing to have this committee.
Now, there's where I stand and you can take it early.
I don't understand. I'm just a journalist for a minute.
You're enjoying the fan that your offer is to form a different committee.
I'm just about for this. Mr. Calvin.
I'm trying to accept your offer.
Have your opportunity, Senator.
Mr. Calvin, I believe it would be only fair under the circumstances that the committee has done that to McCarthy came before with respect to the charges against him.
But the committee we can discuss on the floor of the United States Senate.
And it's a matter that you can put me on those with respect to this hearing.
But the committee that we will discuss before the United States Senate.
Carol, please just tell us this call is getting no place at the end.
We have a misunderstanding between the two senators.
We're going to propose them.
And shall I deny just one more point of personal privilege on the subject of the allocation of the Dr. Jackson?
This is very important.
Senator Pyming from this morning, and expected a press conference that he would testify under a multiple violence ruling to testify in regard to all of these charges made in 1952.
I am still even in touch with the committee.
No one else in any jurisdiction, some are finally in touch with him.
Now while I think he will be completely irrelevant to the election crisis, the Maryland campaign.
When I say that you see him that way, we can introduce the senator from Missouri to take the stand here and take the oath.
I will, in fact, hear now to request him in detail about all of those left and right, the Maryland campaign, everything else.
Now if the senator from Missouri is suggesting that at some time in the future he's going to take the floor and find a different committee to find out what part is true.
In calling on the adherence what part is perfectly fine and do, Secretary Seedow, not to testify and to call off the investigation coming to see that is such an obvious nod that I don't think a single one of our jury of millions of people wanted to see.
I thought that you would take the oath and testify if I leave myself open to cross examination on all of the mentioned charges, all of the views that were covered and I propose that I come by from five to seven hundred.
I will accept that offer and allow myself to be fully taught the examined before the committee on that, even when I think it's irrelevant, if you will, if you will take the stand and I don't intend to put any of your activities except your activities insofar as a deal, insofar as a deal with your getting the democrat political advisor, Parks Frederick, to advise Secretary Seedow.
To advise Secretary Seedow, not to come and testify on the extent which you are successful, that is all I am concerned about and I'm concerned with issues with the state.
However, if it takes today, if there's five or ten of close examination, above my fan's voice I'll be glad to submit myself to that in order to get up to five from the state, to carry it with the time.
I'm not asking any of the time, I'm not asking any of the time, I'm not asking any of the time.
Nobody is a tenant, no more about how to avoid justifying than the Jewish center from which time.
And everybody in the United States knows that that fact is true.
If I come before this committee, which today in effect for it is not to hear what this is, it only yesterday, perhaps it be heard, then I certainly think he should go before this committee, that's investigated him.
Because they, the need to the charges of the murderous campaign is ridiculous. I have no interest in whatever in the murderous campaign.
At the same time, that the charges with respect to the senator from which time to were investigated, the charges with respect to the senator from Connecticut, Mr. Bettingward investigated.
And it was a joint report. Now he knows that he just has come before that committee, even though he wasn't staying on it, so many like I am now.
I'll be very glad to discuss this matter on the floor to start with him, any time that he would like to.
And now renew my offer, that I will be glad to go, if he will be glad to go.
Mr. Chairman, there's one more point. Now I'm sure that it's not supposed to be there, so I don't think we're not getting any place where the point is personal.
I'm sure that, of course, if you have the exact date, you'll point to the personal details on an argument with his by running on not in the meeting before it's several days.
Mr. Chairman, I have an important point for the point of order.
It's a way about hearing questions, but it's a way of like, it's this Mr. Chairman.
That there has been a mistake that's made, Mr. Timingham has said that no one knows better than the senator who has come to avoid testimony.
So I have now a different plan.
May it be offered to go on a stand and let him question me about everything.
I don't care how you're relevant to this.
If he will merely consent, they go on a stand and tell us why and how it happened that number one, he got the political advisor of the Democrats' party,
his guide undercover, the Republican Secretary of the Army, and number two, while our friends think the moon is blue,
that's on the ivory deck that I'm bringing my birthday.
You're a huge icon.
And I don't like a lot of people lying for you.
What's my final statement when he was advising us that he won all the fact, laid on the table,
quietly when he was advising the Republican to testify, he kept secret.
He kept secret to fact that Mr. Steven told him the day before the tragic incident or a couple of days before it.
There's nothing to this and climate is never the last.
But Steven, in getting Mr. Steven's official, those unsounder charges, I know I won't come after climate.
I think he should be going to do it.
When he says that I'm a master at the hour of avoiding being questioned, I have an unrolled treatment for him.
I intend to take you over again and I will let him run as far as he will as he wants to, if he will only want the time.
And after those few persons and nothing further than this attempt, I'm at the chairman.
I'll recognize the understanding he won final time on this attempt.
In any way, in color, it was just speaking to be against the senior election, this is a decision to protect him.
But I'll recognize that this time, I'm in the chairman.
Well, I would say that all the respect that it's given, is not an arresting of me.
But I believe that any American has a right, which both charges like the least,
is charged just stated by the Senate with time and amaze.
And I want to gain to remind him that he and what he specifically called my step,
although I've told him that I have some situation to give respect to the committees.
And the people that he has around him, I'm certainly going to get the opportunity of questioning me, providing the people who may not report about him, but he...
...